Cora Faendal is a half elf and actual twin sister of Xia Faendal. During the birth of Xia in full surprise another baby would emerge out of the mother as well. That other baby was Cora. unlike Xia she wasn't loved as much due to her resembling the man who forced himself on their mother. because of this her mother and most of the wood elves in the village would keep their distance from her. the only person who saw past that was Xia. during downtime of Xia's magic training Xia would pend time with Cora deep in woods. the two would talk for hours on about anything and everything. the sister bond would grow more and more as times passed but the time of them seeing each would lessen due to the ramping  of Xia's magic training leaving Cora having no talking. during this time Cora was looking for something to do since no one else would really talk to her, eventually she would run into her uncle palo as he just finished killing a monster. she would astonished seeing him in combat since it was first time witnessing a fight. Cora would asking thousands of questions about what he was doing, he would explain that he was fighting this invading monster, palo would then tell her that he's a mercenary but is also protect the elf village since almost all of them are just healers. He was trained under by the wood elves who weren't talent healers and  the rest was history. Cora was amazed hearing all of this and begin begging for him teach him all he knows. He would decline but ask her why, she then explains her whole situation.  He would be shocked by the story and immediately felt bad someone young as cora was going through her scenario. Palo would think hard on it and tell her that he will train her.  the uncle would even offer to stay with at his place that was nearby. she would happily accept as her hellish training with palo begun. As the years passed xia became a prodigy and showed potential of being a great healer, cora would show that she has what it take a phenomenal fighter. she was soaking up everything palo would teach her, at times he would allow her take on jobs and nearby dungeons herself. One day after clearing a dungeon she would return to her uncle, cora would notice most of her stuff was packed in burlap sack. Palo would  be sitting next to it. Before she would ask, palo started to explain  what was going on. He would tell her that she was the best student he ever had but she has learn everything he could teach her so , it's time from to split ways. Cora in complete sadness and  shock would ask palo where is she supposed to go Palo would toss Cora her stuff as he tells her that she's moving to the kingdom a little far from the elf village to attend the knight academy to become a knight That is the place that she's gonna take her training to the next level he explains while he exit the house. Even though cora would be saddened to leave the place she would call home but reluctantly exit palo house as they head out to the kingdom of sarong. It was a long 3 week trip until they finally reach sarong. A male high elf was waiting at the kingdom gates for the two. He would reveal himself to be as Watz Hellios the  headmaster of the prestigious knight academy in sarong. As Cora was about to introduce herself Watz immediately cuts her off saying that her introduction won't be necessary since he dosen't believes that she won't last long in the academy anyway. Watz would tell cora that this academy creates the best throughout the region, it's so hard get into that the only to get in the this academy is via invitation he would say he looks at cora with disgust. Cora asks why would she be intending this academy then if she didn't receive a invitation. A smug smile would appear on palo face as he gloats about who he saved Watz from a couple demons outside kingdom a while back so he owes me. Cora would nervously ask is Palo sure about this decision,  he probably could have gotten something better and didn't have to this for her. Palo pushes her foward and begin waving goodbye. He screams out to her saying think of it at as a gift for being a great student, she's gonna do great. Her mentor  would smile as he takes his leave. Cora would stare at palo with a saddened look but Watz quickly snaps her back to reality by telling her to follow him. She would reluctantly do so as he explains to her living arrangements that will be in a dorm within the academy. The moment he hears she's causing trouble she expelled from the academy
 Cora accepts those terms as they head in the deep catacombs academy into a sanctuary like area. A big rose could  be seen in the middle of the room. The half wood elf girl would ask why they here, should be heading to a class. Watz explains to cora that everyone who attends academy receives a special made weapon from the holy druid. Cora would be shocked by hearing this since it's the first time hearing this. Watz would scoff at cora  as he couldn't believe that she dosen't know about the druid who  protects their but explains how special the druid is and how she keeps this region safe since domain is hers. If she dies this whole region is doomed. Watz shoves Cora towards the rose as it opens up. A beautiful druid woman pop out out of it. She would introduce herself, tells cora it's time for her weapon to made. A few moments later cora's weapon made. The weapon was a wooden tree sword, the wood would be made from 1 one legendary great tree due it's everlasting durability and unusual sharpness. The sword would latch on to cora's hand as the wood grew around it covering it and her forearm. Cora would freak out as Watz rolls his eyes and embrassment and the druid would chuckle at the half wood elf. The druid would happily tell cora not freak out just relax and think of the sword  as one you can wield in her hand. Cora would do as the druid said , the sword would unwrap from her arm returning back to its original form. The great druid would explain that the sword reads cora mind and formed into something that fits her better in combat. She can turn the sword back to normal as she begins to yawn. Cora would thank her for the weapon as the druid would head back in her rose bud. Few moments later Watz would take out Cora out the area and sends her to her classes as her knight training had officially begun.  The 1st year of the knight academy went like a breeze for Cora due to her training from palo but it was a clear gap between her and other students which were called squires. mana ragen would have her focus on letting it out. Due to heThe 2nd year was the roughest year for her since it was about magic and her mother never taught her how to use magic but Xia was able to when at least teach her that she at least have the aptitude of using it but just didn't know how to bring it out.   cora continued to struggle in using and bringing out her magic it was clear that she was on the verge of failing since the kingdom expects their knight to be versatile in combat and magic.  As she was about give up she would accidently catch a fellow squire currently training. The squire was male high elf who was top of the class. Using magic was 2nd nature for him. she was truly amazed by how skillful he was at magic. She desperately seek attention from him, once he noticed cora he would hear her out. She begged him to teach her magic, if she don't show the instructor her magic ability. The male high elf would introduced himself as Ragen. He thought long and hard about should he help her or not. Cora would go on all fours as she continued to beg.  In full shock of seeing this ragen would tell cora to immediately to stand, there's no need to do that again. With a big smile on his face. He praised her the humility she willing to show just for help. Cora tells him that she'll do anything learn how to use magic. she wants to prove she good as the other high ranking squires in the class. After a few moments of thinking Ragen agrees to teach her. Cora jumps up and down with excitement. Ragen ask her what in magic she needs to help with. The half wood elf girl tells ragen that she has a problem with feeling mana, bringing out it an a base magic form and using it for spells.. With a shocked look on his face he tells her that this is going to be a struggle to handle but doable. After that cora crash course magic lesson would start. Ragen would take cora to a special area within the academy that was filled with pure concertrated mana . the area is used for beginners who struggle of feeling the presence of mana. For 2 days Ragen had cora mediating in peaceful in that area focusing on her all mana channels throughout her body,. once she was finally able to keen in on it, she now gained the senses feel the mana not only in her but her around her as well. After being to feel the r being from a clan of healers, cora thought that she would let out a healing spell but something else would emerge out of it. a bolt made out flames would shoot out her hand. Cora was in complete befuddlement that her first spell wasn't a healing one. Ragen would explain that even though she comes from a huge linage of healers dosen't guarantee that you will be one out the gate. when it comes to magic it all depends on the mindset and personality of the  users. He's been watching her since she just got into the academy and proceeded to say cora is sharp tongued, impulsive, headstrong those qualities aren't even close to what a healer should have thats why she started of with an attack spell he would also bring up another reason why her magic isn't like the ones from her home.  cora was nervous to ask but  she  would ask him whats the other reason. Regen first would bring up  how cora is a half elf  the diffrent magic you have could come from the bloodine that was from the parent that isn't an elf. He must come from a bloodline of sorcerers so that must had been passed down to you instead of your mother's. Thats answer she has to search out for herself all he able to assist on her feel for mana and how to use it in spells. Cora agrees to his last statement and wanted to continue with training. Even though Cora was disappointed she accepted what ragen said as silver lining since now she's able to feel and use magic. For the next 4 days Ragen put her through hellish all day training on her newly obtain skill of magic till the point she was at least competent at it just to pass the exam. On test day she would just barley pass. after the good news she would celebrate with rest of the squires  Her third year she would reach top 5 in her class and receive special armor on graduation day. The armor color scheme was crimson red and gold with the kingdom symbol on it. Watz walked towards Cora places his hand on her shoulder. He apologizes to Cora how he misjudged her during their Introduction to another. Cora accepted his apology and told him it's fine she's happy the she was able to prove him and everyone wrong at the academy. Watz would tell her that she's is now an official knight of the kingdom and now it's time for your first mission as one. She would confidently tells Watz that she will take on any mission he gives out. Watz would bring up a notorious cultist devotion group known as messengers of chaos. The leader of the group is a man named Zitti. Their goal is to spread pain and chaos in the name of the feared chaos god. Cora first mission as an official knight was to find and take out Zitti and the cult. She accepts the mission and immediately leaves out to find this cultist group. Weeks would past as she gathered valuable information like how the cultist group leaves a  mark on their victims, they would kill or destroy. Cora eventually would actually go in to the town that Palo , Xia currently lives in. Amnus already departed from the town during this time so Cora never got the chance to meet him. Cora, Xia, Palo would catch up with one another progressing their family bond. Xia would tell Cora the their mom was killed by the duke and his knight guard which saddened her. Even though their mother neglected her , due to having some resembling features of man who r**** her, she will always love her mother. Then Xia would go on a huge spill about Amnus, how about he changed her for the better and that she's really love with him. She even tells her how much she's misses him, Cora tells Xia there's nothing to worry about they will reunite once more. Xia happily agree,  palo would ask why Cora was currently in this city. She explains that she's in search of a cultist group that's focused  spreading as much chaos in the name of the chaos god.  Their lead by a man name Zitti i hear  that he's dangerously strong and corrupts the many minds of the people joins his sick cause. A worried expression would come to palo and Xia face. They offer their assistance but Cora declines it. She tells them that during her time  in the academy she lost a fellow squire who she befriended while being tested in a dungeon labyrinth. The look on her late friend's parents' face when they received the news that their child had passed and i couldn't do anything to save them. After that day she promised herself that she won't work with anyone again to prevent any causalities on her watch ever again. Xia and palo was saddened to hear such an event happened to Cora during her time at the academy. Cora stands up with a smile on her face and tells Xia to stay here and protect this town with palo besides that Amnus guy would be sad if he retuned and you weren't there.  Xia reluctantly agrees and tells Cora to be careful out on her mission. palo and Xia stands up  as they give Cora a hug. Cora would then grab  her things and  the town to resume her man hunt of the messengers of chaos.