The Tale of Yaskeer Rabbizka

Father – D. - Daikon / Mother Taro

Surviving Children

Sister – Genie – Aubergine Brother – Cole – Kohlrabi

Master Craftsman – Those who master the blacksmith/ Leather Worker art

Ancient Craftsman- One who can forge Lost Weapons of the Divinity

Divine Craftsman – A superlative forger, peerless in the world of smithery

Yaskeer gets his name from saying “Yes Skirret” too quickly to Boggrin, and ends up being called Yaskeer in the misunderstanding of his name.

(I need you ROC to find a space near the forest but close enough to the Azure Hills or Thorgerim) In a prospering and secluded forest near the “babylon” burrows, Daikon was one of the leading members in a pastoral and seemingly hovelling village. Three families stood as the pillars of this village. The Rapidfoot’s (first pillar) were the epitome of public outreach. They were always about the bottom line when it came to making first contact with visitors, and always maintained relationships with aligned colonies and civilizations. Daikon was the primus of the Rapidfoots during this time, the Prime considered to be the king of that family. Primus was a title given to princes and princesses that were considered first in line to become the next Prime if they proved their vorpal spirit . Daikon was young and affluent in crafting out of stone and jewels. Even amongst his brothers and sisters, and

The Tindertails (second pillar) were the gifted agriculturists and herbalists who spoke with the fey on the understanding that respect for one another could benefit the growth around them and would help the forest prosper in green. Their promise to the fey was to replace what they took and plant double in return. This promise granted them a boon of growth.

The Satin Ears (the third pillar) were the key figures of information and knowledge. Calligraphers and scribes of the future was what they were treated as. The Satin Ear family remained celibate and only relieved one of their family to create offspring at a time. Until one was born with the gift of hearing the whispers of the trees, which was identifiable by a long croak from the surrounding forest trees. All of the other offspring were marked by the searing of their cheek in the design of a sharp triangle. This mark identified them as The Branches of the Forest.

The Branches worked as a silent-security-pyramid organization that protected the village from within the surrounding forest and passed information back to Satin Ears, in secret, to help reconfirm warnings from the fey and the trees. Collecting information while guarding the town from refused visitors and dangerous creatures that wandered too close was their calling and one that they all held true to for generations. The only identifying mark that separated them was the color of the scarf around their neck.

To any passing eyes that came across this scene, they would’ve noticed a clearing past the trees, this clearing held a view with vanishing gardens on the hills, and an animal ranch. The hill side came with tunnel entrances at different spots, and at the bottom. This village had nonstop traffic from the farms to the tunnels as there were tons of rabbits everywhere